So it's logical to assume that
she was trying to fall asleep
and look casually out the window
she wouldn't see much without her glasses on,
especially from 60 feet away.
She wouldn't have seen anything.
Then here's another guess.
Maybe she honestly thought she
saw the boy kill his father.
I say that she only saw a blur.
What's your hurry? Are you his executioner?
Maybe you'd like to pull the switch
I feel sorry for you.
What it must feel like to want
to pull the switch.
Ever since we walked into this
room you have been behaving like
a self appointed public avenger.
You want to see this boy die
because you personally want it.
Not because it a
You're a sadist
You don't really mean you'll kill me, do you?